# sfMON
sfMON: Predicting drug side effect frequencies based on a versatile multi-objective optimization network
## Dataset
- drug750.txt contains 4 columns: id,name,smiles,fpt, which means drugbank id, drug name, SMILES and fingerprint.
- drug750.txt contains 750 SMILES of drugs.
- side effect.csv contains 994 side effects.
- drug_side.csv contains the matrix of drugs and side effects, where each element represents the label of drug side effect pair.
- drug_side.pkl is the serialized object of drug_side.csv.
## Feature files
- gin_supervised_contextpred_750.npy: chemical structure graph embedding with contextpred generated by GIN model.
- gin_supervised_edgepred_750.npy: chemical structure graph embedding with edgepred generated by GIN model.
- gin_supervised_infomax_750.npy: chemical structure graph embedding with infomax generated by GIN model.
- gin_supervised_masking_750.npy.pkl: chemical structure graph embedding with masking generated by GIN model.
- drug_fps.pkl: molecular fingerprint generated by Open Babel.
- drug_mols_vec.pkl: SMILES notation embedding calculated by Mol2vec.
- drug_mols_vec_sim.pkl: the Cosine similarity between drugs calculated by drug_mols_vec.
## Code files
- train.py: the normal training entrance for the model.
- train_coldstart.py: the entrance of cold start scenario.
## Requirement
- numpy=1.24.3
- pandas=2.0.3
- python=3.8.13
- scikit-learn=1.3.2
- torch=2.2.2+cu121
- torchaudio=2.2.2+cu121
- torchvision=0.17.2+cu121 
Use the following command to install all dependencies. 
```
    pip install requirement.txt
```
## Usage
*Example Usage*
```
    python train.py
```
If you want to reproduct the cold start scenario , please run the other entrance:
```
    python train_coldstart.py
```
